Clarify syntax of taintToleration Helm value (#906)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.2/references/helm-values.md

| defaultSettings.supportBundleFailedHistoryLimit | Maximum number of failed support bundles that can exist in the cluster. When the value is "0", Longhorn automatically purges all failed support bundles. |
| defaultSettings.systemManagedComponentsNodeSelector | Node selector for system-managed Longhorn components. |
| defaultSettings.systemManagedPodsImagePullPolicy | Image pull policy for system-managed pods, such as Instance Manager, engine images, and CSI Driver. Changes to the image pull policy are applied only after the system-managed pods restart. |

> | defaultSettings.taintToleration | Taint or toleration for system-managed Longhorn components. Specified in semicolon separated `kubectl taint` syntax (key1=value1:effect; key2=value2:effect). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| defaultSettings.taintToleration | Taint or toleration for system-managed Longhorn components. Specify values using a semicolon-separated list in `kubectl taint` syntax (Example: key1=value1:effect; key2=value2:effect). |
```
